sim_NM_amp_nn_oc11_h15_2:yes the results from the first scores 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc02_h17_8:the office paint was a doll said ten 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc17_h12_4:split the log with a quick sure below 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_3:dropped it to when you add the figures 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold fifty bonds 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd14_h18_6:Sunday is the best part of the week 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_4:split the log with a quick sure below 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd09_h14_7:right a fine no to a friend you cherish 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd09_h14_9:the phone when they have events take a bad turn 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc06_h16_5:the urge to write short stories is rare 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_8:bush the soft cushion broke the man's fall 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_6:bring your problems to the Weiss chief 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_8:so I'm cushion broke the man's fall 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd11_h15_2:guess result from the first scores 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_9:this will grease came from across the C. 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd05_h2_3:source of the who's river is a clear spring 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd14_h18_4:the sky that morning was clear and bright blue 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_6:he ordered peach pie with ice cream 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc05_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd08_h14_9:we found when your friends take a bad turn 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc07_h12_1:the bulk of the pine tree was shiny and dark 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc04_h15_7:the treetop waved in a graceful way 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_2:a speeding man can beat this track mark 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_10:we find joy in the simplest thing 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc05_h2_2:I rod is used to catch pink salmon 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd16_h2_3:the source of the huge river is a clear spring 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_6:pure bred poodles have curls 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_8:spot on the bladder was made by agreement 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_8:the soft cushion broke the man's fall 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc02_h17_1:the jacket hung on the back of the white Cher 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd15_h15_5:hostesses band in a high wind 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_3:I sell pickle tastes fine with ham 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_3:pendant weighed when the wind blew 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd11_h15_5:so specials bend in Ohio in the highway and 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd01_h18_2:a child almost hurt the small dog 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_4:two plus seven is less than ten 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_8:spot allowed water was made by green in 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd12_h10_2:a list of cloud hung in the blue err 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd06_h16_1:the empty flustered on the ten tray 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd11_h15_9:what is standard and the front of the others white shirt 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc17_h12_5:burnt Pete after the logs give out 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_9:it's okay when they ship arrived and poured 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc02_h17_3:dropped it to when you add the figures 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd01_h18_6:Sunday is the best part of the week 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd04_h15_6:purebred poodles have curls 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd05_h2_8:south cushion broke the man's fall 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd12_h10_9:ten pins were set in order 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_9:they felt eight one not ship arrived in port 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd12_h10_8:a test is used to make costly gives 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_1:the jacket hung on the back of the white Cher 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_4:keep the ball straight and follow through 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc09_h14_2:he said the same praise thirty times 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_9:she sold the torn coat quite neatly 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_10:is it R. burn a hole in the desktop 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_4:two plus seven is less than ten 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd06_h16_2:a speedy man can be is this track mark 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_4:kicked the ball straight and follow through 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd15_h15_6:pure bred poodles have curls 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_6:what is best for making toys and blocks 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc07_h12_7:we've the carpet on the right hand side 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc11_h15_1:young kid jumped the rusty gate 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_2:leaves turned brown and yellow in the fall 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_5:torn scraps littered the stone floor 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd09_h14_8:close an lodging are free to the new nine 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc17_h12_3:the pennant waived when the wind blew 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_5:help the women get back to her feet 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_3:A. salt pickle tastes fine with ham 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_9:lame back kept to score a little 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_4:split the log with a quick sharp little 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd08_h14_2:he said the small freeze thirty times 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_2:he said the small freeze thirty times 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_8:help is a weed found in parts of the tropics 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc09_h14_3:pluck the bright rose without leave 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd05_h2_6:power T. helps to pass the evening 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_2:yes the results from the first scores 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_5:Corn scripts later the stone floor 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_1:the young kids jumped the rusty gate 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc02_h17_6:what is best for making toys and blocks 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_9:ten pins were set in order 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_4:the coffee stand is too high for the couch 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd01_h18_8:a new girl was fired today at noon 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd16_h2_6:a pot of tea helps to pass the evening 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd04_h15_7:treetop waved in a graceful way 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc08_h14_5:the glow deep into the eyes of the sweet girl 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc04_h15_2:yes the result from the first course 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_5:help the women get back to her feet 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd11_h15_6:prevent poodles have curls 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_5:current Pete after the logs give out 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc06_h16_2:a speeding man can beat this track mark 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_7:three top wave in the grease away 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc08_h14_8:close and lodging are free to new men 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_10:the bill was paid every third week 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc09_h14_6:bring your problems to the Weiss chief 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_3:source of the who's river is a clear spring 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc05_h2_9:the salt breeze came from across the C. 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd06_h16_3:he broke a new shoe letters for that day 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_5:play seems stolen quite stupid 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc16_h2_6:a pot of tea helps to pass the evening 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc17_h12_9:Alain backup to score a little 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd14_h18_2:the child almost her two small dogs 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc17_h12_6:he ordered peach pie with ice cream 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_2:he said the same priest thirty time 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_5:the urge to write short stories is rare 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd14_h18_5:torn scraps littered the stone floor 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_8:the soft cushion broke the man's fall 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd08_h14_7:right a file node to the friend you cherish 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_7:the term ended in late June the your 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_5:Bruce this is branded a high wind 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd05_h2_9:so breeze came across the sea 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc07_h12_3:the pennant waived when the wind blew 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd12_h10_7:the term ended in late June eight here 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc04_h15_3:A. salt pickle tastes fine with ham 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_8:spot on the Porter was made by greeting 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc06_h16_7:the pirates seized the crew of the last ship 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_8:close and lodging are free to new men 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc06_h16_8:we tried to replace the Klein but failed 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_4:%HESITATION coverage status too high for the codes 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc08_h14_7:right a fine note to the friend you cherish 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc11_h15_9:what was battered on the front of his white shirt 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd16_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold fifty bonds 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd09_h14_2:he said the same phrase thirty times 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_6:a pot of tea helps to pass the evening 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc04_h15_6:pure bred poodles have curls 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc02_h17_9:he knew the skill of the great young at actress 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd06_h16_4:%HESITATION coverage Dennis too high for the couch 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_7:actor cured him with these pills 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc17_h12_7:we've the carpet on the right hand side 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc16_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_7:smoky fires lack flame and heat 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_9:we frown when events take a bad turn 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_7:the doctor cured him with these pills 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc17_h12_2:please turn brown and yellow in the fall 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_1:young kid jumped the rusty gate 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc16_h2_4:kicked the ball straight and follow through 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold fifty bonds 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_6:county helps to pass the evening 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_9:so breeze came across the sea 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_7:right a phone node to the friend you cherish 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd05_h2_7:so he fires lack flame and heat 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd14_h18_10:and the stores account to the last sent 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd09_h14_10:Porter is a strong wind with a smoky taste 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_6:Preferred poodles have curls 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_10_r:and the storage account no S. 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_2:guess the results from the first scores 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc02_h17_10:Iran will soak up spilled water 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_3:**** the bright rose without Lee 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc08_h14_10:port is a strong line with a smoky taste 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_3:he broke a new shoe lace that day 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_3:the source of the huge river is the clear spring 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc07_h12_4:split the log with a quick sharp blow 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_1:%HESITATION is there when the sun rose 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd05_h2_4:kick the ball straight and follow through 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_3:so pickled these fine with with them 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_2:this results in the first scores 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc17_h12_10:we find joy in the simplest things 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_9:what is standard on the front of the others white shirt 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd16_h2_8:the soft cushion broke the man's fall 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd01_h18_4:sky that morning was clear and bright blue 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_8:close an lodging are free to the new nine 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc16_h2_2:all rod is used to catch pink salmon 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc05_h2_4:kicked the ball straight and follow through 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd08_h14_4:two plus seven is less than ten 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_1:the bark of the pine tree we shiny and dark 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_9:what was battered on the front of his white shirt 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc06_h16_4:the coffee stand is too high for the couch 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_10:so for Christian is run in of light weight 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger on a swim 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_4:two plus seven is less than ten 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd05_h2_2:Raj Z. catch pink salmon 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_3:so pickle tastes fine with ham 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_10:roasted goose sold fifty bonds 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd06_h16_9:to sell the charcoal quite neatly 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc17_h12_8:happens we'd found in parts of the tropics 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc08_h14_6:bring your problems to the Weiss chief 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_10:C. Garber to hold it to his desktop 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_7:the treetop way than a graceful way 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd09_h14_1:a cramped is no small danger how to swim 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_7:Paris C. as the crew of lost ship 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty J. 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd14_h18_8:the new girl was fired today at noon 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_8:we tried to replace the coin but failed 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_2:the child almost hurt the small dog 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_4:sky that morning was clear and bright blue 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_4:this guy that morning was clear and bright blue 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_5:the glow deep and in the eyes of the sweet girl 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc05_h2_6:a pot of tea helps to pass the evening 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc06_h16_9:she sold the torn coat quite neatly 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_7:the treetop we've done a graceful way 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd11_h15_3:so pickle tastes fine with with him 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd08_h14_5:the glow deep and in the eyes of the sweet girl 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc11_h15_5:those those souls Brandon high wind 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_1:the empty for listed on the two and three 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_6:he ordered peach pie with ice cream 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_5:burn Pete after the logs give out 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_7:right a Phan note to the friend you cherish 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc16_h2_3:the source of the huge river is a clear spring 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_1:%HESITATION cramp is no small danger on this form 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd15_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_4:just claim got three verdict 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_4:a filing case is no hard to buy 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_10:and the stores account to the last sent 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_8:the office paint was a doll said ten 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd12_h10_5:play seems stolen quite stupid 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_6:bill the po to stop it from sinking 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_2:trail almost hurt the small dog 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc09_h14_5:the glow detained in the eyes of the sweet girl 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd04_h15_3:the softer goal tastes fine with ham 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd09_h14_3:**** the bread rolls without lease 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_5:the urge to write short stories were 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd15_h15_4:adjust claim got the right verdict 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_5:the glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc11_h15_7:the treetop we've done a graceful way 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_2:he said the same phrase thirty times 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_8:a new girl was fired today at noon 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_1:steam Hess from the broken valve 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd01_h18_9:excel gateways ship arrived in port 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_9:but the spirit on the front of his white shirt 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc05_h2_8:they sh the soft cushion broke the man's fall 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc08_h14_2:he said the same phrase thirty times 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_8:the test is used to make costly gives 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_7:pirates seized the crew of the law ship 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc09_h14_7:right a Phan note to the friend you cherish 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc09_h14_9:we frown when events take a bad turn 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_6:purebred poodles have curls 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_4:two four seven is less than ten 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd06_h16_6:the pencils of all the news 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_7:we've the carpet on the right hand side 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_6:Sunday is the best part of the week 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_3:that's all pickle tastes fine with ham 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_2:please turn brown and yellow in the fall 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd05_h2_5:I'm home and get back to her feet 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc04_h15_8:the spot on the bladder was made by greening 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd15_h15_3:I sell pickle tastes fine with ham 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc16_h2_8:the soft cushion broke the man's fall 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc08_h14_9:we frown when events take a bad turn 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_4:kicked the ball straight and follow through 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc06_h16_10:the sofa cushion is rad N. of light weight 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd11_h15_8:start in the broader was made by green Inc 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc16_h2_7:smoky fires lack flame and heat 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd01_h18_10_r:and the stores account hello S. 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd16_h2_5:help the woman get back to her feet 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_9:we frown when events take a bad turn 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc17_h12_1:Barker the pine tree was shiny and dark 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_6:pure bred poodles have curls 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc16_h2_5:help the woman get back to her feet 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc09_h14_8:closing lodging are free to new man 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd06_h16_7:the pirates seized the crew of lost ship 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc11_h15_3:assault pickle tastes fine with ham 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd15_h15_7:the treetop waved in a graceful way 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc09_h14_1:I cramp is no small danger on a swim 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_10:port is a strong **** with the Smokey taste 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_9:to sell the torn coat quite neatly 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd04_h15_8:spot on the bladder was made by agreement 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd05_h2_1:well is there when the sun rose 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_3:plug the bright rose without leave 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc02_h17_4:a filing case is now hard to buy 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_2:yes the result from the first scores 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd11_h15_7:the treetop wave and the graceful way 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd04_h15_4:just claim got the right verdict 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_2:at that high level the error is pure 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise G. 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc09_h14_4:two plus seven is less than ten 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_2:speedy man can be is this trademark 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd08_h14_10:port is a strong **** what's a smoky taste 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd01_h18_1:steam hisses from the broken valve 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_10:port is a strong one with a smoky taste 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd06_h16_10:the sofa cushion is red and of light weight 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc02_h17_2:at that high level the error is purer 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd14_h18_1:steam Hess from the broken valve 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_1:steam hisses from the broken down 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_9:he knew the skill of the great young at actress 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc16_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold fifty bonds 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc11_h15_6:sure bread poodles have curls 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_4:just claim got the right verdict 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_3:he broke a new shoe is for that day 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd11_h15_10:cigar burned a hole is dis desktop 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_3:the pendant waived when the wind blew 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_5:the glow deep into the eyes of the sweet girl 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_6:a pot of tea helps to pass the evening 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_8:the spot on the bladder was made by greening 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd01_h18_7:attacker cured him with these pills 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_10:Sigur burned a hole in the desktop 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_4:adjust claim got the right verdict 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_8:hampers we'd found in parts of the tropics 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc04_h15_1:the young kids jumped the rusty gate 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd15_h15_8:the spot on the blotter was made by green Inc 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_8:the new girl was fired today at noon 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_8:we tried to replace the Klein but failed 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_1:the slush lady belong to St 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc07_h12_9:Elaine back kept his score is low 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_5:who is this was banned in a high wind 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise cheese 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc06_h16_1:the empty flask stood on the ten tray 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd04_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty J. 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd16_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_1:Barker the pine tree was shiny and dark 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_4:kicked the ball straight and follow through 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc05_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold fifty bonds 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_5:woman get back to her feet 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd04_h15_5:well specials branded a high wind 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_3:plus the bright rose without lease 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_8:the spot on the blotter was made by green Inc 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd09_h14_5:the glow deep and in the eyes of the sweet girl 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd09_h14_6:bring your problems to the Weiss chief 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_10:the sofa cushion is red N. of light weight 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_2:list of cloud hung in the blue err 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc07_h12_8:hamp is a weed found in parts of the tropics 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_7:the office paint was doll 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd06_h16_5:the urge to write short stories and %HESITATION 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd08_h14_6:bring your problems to the wives chief 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_7:treetop waved in a graceful way 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_9:we frown when they have events take a bad turn 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc04_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd08_h14_3:plug the bright rose without leaves 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd16_h2_4:kicked the ball straight and follow through 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_10:port is a strong wind with a smoky taste 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc04_h15_10:the cigar burned a hole in the desktop 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc11_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd16_h2_7:smoky fires lack flame and heat 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_10:the cigar burned a hole in the desktop 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_6:you were bred poodles have curls 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_4:the just claimed got the right verdict 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_3:the source of the huge river is a clear spring 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd09_h14_4:two plus seven is less than ten 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd12_h10_3:pound of sugar cost more than eggs 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd11_h15_4:just claim got the right verdict 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_2:Ross is the catch pink salmon 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_6:the pencils have all been use 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd01_h18_3:it was the sound of dry leaves outside 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd12_h10_10:the bill is paid every third week 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_3:it was it sounded dry leaves outside 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd14_h18_9:they felt K. one the ship arrived in port 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_2:he said the same phrase thirty time 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc08_h14_3:plug the bright rose without leaves 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd11_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc07_h12_2:leaves turned brown and yellow in the fall 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_5:does this is bend in Ohio the highway and 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc02_h17_7:the office paint was Donald 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc08_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger on a swim 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_10:we find joy in the simplest things 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc07_h12_6:he ordered peach pie with ice cream 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc06_h16_6:the pencils have all been used 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_2:yes the results from the first scores 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_3:there was the sound of dried leaves outside 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd08_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger under swim 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd16_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd04_h15_10:sigo burned a hole in the desktop 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd12_h10_6:bill the po to stop it from sinking 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc11_h15_10:discard burned a hole in the desktop 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc05_h2_5:help the women get back to her feet 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_10:port is a strong line with a smoky taste 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_5:those stencils bend in a high wind 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd06_h16_8:we tried to replace the coin but failed 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_7:so he fires lack flame and heat 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_5:the glow deep and in the eyes of the sweet girl 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc07_h12_5:burn Pete after the logs give out 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_3:pluck the bright roles without leaves 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_7:we've the carpet on the right hand side 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_6:bring your problems to the Weiss chief 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc05_h2_3:the source of the huge river is the clear spring 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_9:we frown when events take a bad turn 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd05_h2_10:%HESITATION %HESITATION sold fifty bonds 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger on a swim 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc07_h12_10:we find joy in the simplest things 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd14_h18_3:there was the sound of dried leaves outside 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd04_h15_2:guess the results from the first scores 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc09_h14_10:port is a strong wind with a smoky taste 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold fifty bonds 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc06_h16_3:he broke a new shoe lace that day 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd15_h15_10:the cigar burnt a hole in the desktop 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_3:hundred sugar cost more than eight 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd12_h10_1:the slush late deep along the street 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_6:Sunday is the best part of the week 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_5:those those souls Benton high wind 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_6:the prices of all the news 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd01_h18_5:transcription entered the stone floor 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_1:a cramp is no small dangers on a swim 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd04_h15_9:but it was spattered on the front of his weight sure 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_7:right fine note to the friend you cherish 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_7:the treetop waved in a graceful way 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd14_h18_7:the doctor cured him with these pills 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_1:the empty flask stood on the ten tray 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc04_h15_5:those officials banned in a high wind 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_10:discard burned a hole in the desktop 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_8:closing lodging are free to new men 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_5:help the women get back to her feet 
sim_NM_amp_nn_pd15_h15_2:guess the result from the first scores 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_6:a pot of tea helps to pass the evening 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_7:right a fine no to a friend you cherish 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_7:smoky fires lack flame and heat 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_3:the source of the huge river is a clear spring 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_10:read will soak up spilled water 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc11_h15_8:spot in the cloud water was made by green Inc 
sim_NM_amp_nn_oc08_h14_4:two plus seven is less than ten 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_9:Elaine backup to score a low 
