sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_3:drop the two when you add the figures 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold fifty bonds 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_4:split the log with a quick sure below 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_8:bush the soft cushion broke the man's fall 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise G. 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_8:so I'm Christian from commands file 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_9:this all pres came from across the C. 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_6:he ordered peach pie with ice cream 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_2:a speeding man can beat this track mark 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_10:we find joy in the simplest things 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_6:pure bred poodles have curls 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_8:spot on the bladder was made by agreement 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_8:the soft cushion broke the man's fall 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_3:I sell pickle tastes fine with ham 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_3:the pennant weighed when the wind blew 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_4:two plus seven is less than ten 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_8:respond allowed water was made by grand and 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_9:if L. gateway the ship arrived and poured 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_9:they felt gate one the ship arrived in port 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_1:the jacket hung on the back of the white Cher 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_4:keep the ball straight and follow through 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_9:she sold the torn coat quite neatly 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_10:the cigar burn a hole in the desktop 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_4:two plus seven is less than ten 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_4:Craig the ball straight and follow through 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_6:what is best for making toys and blocks 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_2:leaves turned brown and yellow in the fall 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_5:torn scraps littered the stone floor 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_5:help the women get back to her feet 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_3:A. salt pickle tastes fine with ham 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_9:lame back kept to score a little 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_4:split the log with a quick shower hello 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_2:he said the small freeze thirty times 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_8:help is a weed found in parts of the tropics 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_2:yes the results from the first scores 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_5:green scripts Woodward the stone floor 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_1:the young kids jumped the rusty gate 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_9:ten pins were set in order 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_4:the coffee stand is too high for the couch 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_5:help the women get back to her feet 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_2:%HESITATION rod is used to catch pink salmon 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_5:current Pete after the logs give out 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_7:three top wave in the grease away 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_10:the bill was paid every third week 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_3:source of the who's river is a clear spring 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_5:play seems stolen quite stupid 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_2:he said the same priest thirty time 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_5:the urge to write short stories is rare 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_8:the soft cushion broke the man's fall 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_7:the term ended in late June the eighth year 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_5:Bruce this is branded a high wind 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_8:start of the Porter was made by greeting 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_8:close and lodging are free to new men 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_4:recovery status too high for the counts 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_6:a pot of tea helps to pass the evening 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_7:execute him with these pills 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_7:smoky fires lack flame and heat 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_9:we from when your friends take a bad turn 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_7:the doctor cured him with these pills 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_1:young kid jumped the rusty gate 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold fifty bonds 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_6:county helps to pass the evening 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_9:so breeze came across the sea 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_7:right a phone node to find you cherish 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_6:prove it Bruce have curls 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_10_r:at the stores account no S. 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_2:I guess the results from the first scores 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_3:**** the bright rose without Lee 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_3:he broke a new shoe lace that day 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_3:the source of the huge river is a clear spring 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_1:%HESITATION is there when the sun rose 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_3:so pickle tastes fine with with them 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_2:this results in for scores 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_9:what is filtered in front of the others white shirt 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_8:close an lodging are free to the new nine 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_1:the bark of the pine tree we shiny and dark 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_9:what was battered on the front of his white shirt 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_10:so for Christmas run in of light weight 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger on a swim 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_4:two plus seven is less than ten 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_3:so pickle tastes fine with ham 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_10:roasted goose sold fifty bonds 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_10:cigar burnt a hole in his that he's desktop 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_7:the treetop way than a graceful way 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_7:R. as soon as the crew of lost ship 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty J. 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_8:we tried to replace the claim but failed 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_2:the child almost her two small dogs 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_4:this guy that morning was clear and bright blue 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_4:this guy that morning was clear and bright blue 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_5:the go deep and in the eyes of the sweet girl 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_7:the treetop we've done a graceful way 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_1:M. before L. stood on the ten turn 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_6:he ordered peach pie with ice cream 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_5:burn Pete after the logs because out 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_7:right upon node to the friends you cherish 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_1:%HESITATION cramp is no small danger under swim 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_4:just clean got three verdict 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_4:filing case is no hard to buy 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_10:and the stores account to the last sent 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_8:the office paint was a doll said ten 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_6:bill the po to stop it from sinking 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_2:until almost hurt the small dog 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_5:the urge to write short stories were 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_5:the glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_2:he said the same phrase thirty times 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_8:a new girl and fired today at noon 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_1:beam Hess from the broken valve 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_9:but O. spirit on the front of his white shirt 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_8:the test is used to make costly gives 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_7:higher it sees the crew of the lot ship 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_6:purebred poodles have curls 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_4:two four seven is less than ten 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_7:we've the carpet on the right hand side 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_6:Sunday is the best part of the week 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_3:that's all pickle tastes fine with ham 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_2:please turn brown and yellow in the fall 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_4:pick the ball straight and follow through 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_9:we frown when events take a bad turn 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_6:pure bred poodles have curls 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_10:port is a strong wiring with the smoky case 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_9:she solved the torn coat quite neatly 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_3:plug the bright rose without leave 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_2:yes the results from the first scores 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_2:at that high level the error is pure 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise G. 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_2:speedy man can be is this trademark 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_10:port is a strong one with a smoky taste 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_1:steam hisses from the broken down 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_9:he knew the skill of the great young at actress 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_4:just cleaned up the right verdict 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_3:he broke a new shoe letters for that day 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_3:the pendant waived when the wind blew 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_5:the go deep into the eyes of the sweet girl 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_6:a pot of tea helps to pass the evening 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_8:the spot on the bladder was made by greening 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_10:sugar burned a hole on the desktop 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_4:adjust claim got the right verdict 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_8:how does a we'd found in parts of the tropics 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_8:the new girl was fired today at noon 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_8:we tried to replace the Klein but failed 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_1:this Leslie T. belong to St 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_5:hostesses band and a high wind 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise cheese 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_1:Barker the pine tree was shiny and dark 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_4:kicked the ball straight and follow through 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_5:will and get back to her feet 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_3:plug the bright rose without please 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_8:the spot on the blotter was made by green Inc 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_10:the sofa cushion is red N. of light weight 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_2:list of cloud hung in the blue here 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_7:the office paint was told 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_7:treetop waved in a graceful way 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_9:B. from when they have events take a bad turn 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_4:adjust claim got the right verdict 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_10:port is a strong wind was a smoky taste 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_10:the cigar burned a hole in the desktop 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_6:you were bred poodles have curls 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_4:the just claimed got the right verdict 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_3:the source of the huge river is a clear spring 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_2:Raj who's in charge ping salmon 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_6:the pencils have all been use 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_3:it was it sounded dry leaves outside 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_2:he said the same phrase thirty turns 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_5:does this is bend in Ohio the highway in 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_10:we find joy in the simplest things 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_2:yes the results from the first scores 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_3:there was the sound of dried leaves outside 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_10:port is a strong line with a smoky taste 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_5:those pencils bend in a high wind 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_7:so he fires lack flame and heat 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_5:Global deep and in the eyes of the sweet girl 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_3:pluck the bright roles without lease 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_7:leave the carpet on the right hand side 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_6:bring your problems to the Weiss chief 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_9:we frown when events take a bad turn 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger honest when 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold fifty bonds 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_3:hundred sugar cost more than eight 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_6:Sunday is the best part of the week 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_5:those those souls Benton high wind 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_6:have to have all the news 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_1:a cramp is no small dangers on the swim 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_7:right fine note to the friend you cherish 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_7:the treetop waved in a graceful way 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_1:the empty flask stood on the ten tray 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_10:discard burned a hole in the desktop 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_8:closing lodging are free to new men 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_5:help the women get back to her feet 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_6:a pot of tea helps to pass the evening 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_7:read the fine no to a friend you cherish 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_7:smoky fires lack flame and heat 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_3:the source of the huge river is a clear spring 
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate 
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_9:a lean backup to score a low 
