sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_3:drop the two when you add the figures
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold fifty farms
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_4:split the log with a quick shaft below
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_8:this is the soft cushion broke the mans fault
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_8:so im gonna hit broke the mans fall
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_9:the soul breeze came from across the sea
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_6:he ordered peach pie with ice cream
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_2:a speedy man can beat this track mark
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_10:we find joy in the simplest things
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_6:pure bread poodles have curls
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_8:the spot on the bladder was made by green ink
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_8:the soft cushion broke the mans fall
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_3:a salt pickled taste fight with ham
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_3:the planet weighs the one the wind blows
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_4:2 plus 7 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_8:the spot in the blow water was made by green ink
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_9:they felt gay when the ship arrived in port
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_9:they felt gay when the ship arrived in part
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_1:the jacket hung on the back of the white chair
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_4:you could ball straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_9:she sold the torn coat quite neatly
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_10:this is a garb on the hole in the desktop
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_4:27 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_4:kick the ball straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_6:what is best for making toys and blocks
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_2:leaves turn brown and yellow in the fall
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_5:torn scraps littered the stone floor
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_5:help the woman get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_3:he salt pickle taste fine with him
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_9:blame back kept his score low
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_4:sprick the log with a quick sharp log
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_2:he said the small phrase 30 times
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_8:help as a weed found in parts of the tropics
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_2:guess the result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_5:torrence crap slidded the stone floor
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_1:the young kid jumped at the rusty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_9:10 pins were set in order
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_4:the coffee stand is too high for the couch
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_5:help the woman get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_5:burned pete after the logs give out
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_7:the tree tap wave in a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_10:the bill is paid every third week
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_3:so the heat giver is the cleave spring
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_5:the place seems to have a quite stupid
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_2:he said the same phrase 30 times
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_5:the urge to write short stories is rare
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_8:the south cushion broke the mans phone
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_7:the term ended in lake tune here
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_5:those missiles bend at a high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_8:spotted the bottom with big bite breathing
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_8:close and lodging are free to new men
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_4:the coffee stand is too high for the couch
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_6:a part of t helps to pass the evening
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_7:attractor curing him with these pills
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_7:smoky fires rack flame and heat
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_9:we found when events take a bad turn
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_7:the doctor cured him with these pills
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_1:the onkid jumped the rusty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold 50 bonds
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_6:proud to help suppress the evening
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_9:so ill breeze came across the sea
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_7:right a found node to the friend you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_6:provid pools have pearls
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_10_r:had this story as a count god i have said
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_2:get the result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_3:talk to bright rose without me
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_3:he broke a new shoe lace fair day
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_3:the source of the huge river is the clear spring
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_1:what was there when the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_3:so pickle these fine ones with ham
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_2:guess a result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_9:mud was fattered and the front of the white shirt
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_8:close and lodging our free couldnt you man
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_1:the bark of the pine trees was shiny and dark
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_9:mud was battered on the front of his white shirt
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_10:the sofa cushion is red and of light weight
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_1:a crayon is no small danger on a swim
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_4:2 plus 7 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_3:the salt pickle tastes fine with him
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_10:theyre all the booths so 50 bands
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_10:take care of her and the whole day
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_7:the tree tap wave then increase for way
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_7:the pirates seized the crew of the lost ship
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_8:you try to replace the coin but failed
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_2:the child almost hurt the small dog
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_4:this guy that morning was clear and bright blue
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_4:the sky that morning was clear and bright but
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_5:the gold deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_7:the tree top wave in a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_1:the empty flask stood on the tin tray
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_6:the ordered peach pie with ice cream
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_5:burn pete after the logs give out
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_7:rightofphone note to the friends you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger on the swim
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_4:we just claimed got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_4:a filing case is no hard to buy
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_10:add the stores account to the last one
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_8:the office paint was a dull sand tan
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_6:be all the boat to stop it from sinking
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_2:the trail almost hurt the small dog
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_5:the urge to write short stories is where
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_5:the glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_2:he said the same phrase 30 times
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_8:a new girl was fired today at noon
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_1:steam hissed from the broken valve
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_9:mud was spattered on the front of his white shirt
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_8:the task is used to make costly gifts
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_7:the pirate sees the crew of the law ship
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_6:pure red poodles half curls
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_4:2 plus 7 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_7:weve to carpet on the right hand side
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_6:sunday is the best part of the week
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_3:the salt pickle tastes fine with ham
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_2:we use term brown and yellow in the fall
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_4:kick the ball straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_9:we frown when events take a bad turn
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_6:pure bread poodles have curls
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_10:port is a strong wine with a smoky taste
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_9:she sold the torn coat quite nearly
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_3:plug the bright rolls without leaves
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_2:guess the result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_2:at that high level the air is pure
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_2:a speeding man can be his turk man
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_10:port is a strong wine with a smoky taste
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_1:steam here from a broken belt
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_9:he knew the skill of the great young ad actress
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_3:he broke a new shoe lace for that day
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_3:the penit waved when the wind blew
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_5:the glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_6:a part of t helps surpass the evening
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_8:the spot on the bladder was made by green ink
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_10:so gary burned a hole in the desk
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_4:the just claim that the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_8:hemp is a weed found in parts of the tropics
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_8:the new girl was fired today at noon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_8:we try to replace the coin but failed
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_1:the slush lay deep along the street
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_5:those dishes were bent in a high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_1:the bark of the pine tree was shiny and dark
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_4:kick the ball straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_5:im rolling get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_3:plus the bright rose without leaves
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_8:the spot on the border was made by green inc
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_10:the sofa cushion is red and a white weight
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_2:i was proposed on getting the blue air
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_7:the office paint was dull
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_7:the tree tap wave in a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_9:we from one of the events take a ban turn
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_10:port is a strong wine with a smoky taste
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_10:this is the guy our burn to hole in the desktop
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_6:pure bread poodles have pearls
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_3:this was of the huge river is the clear spring
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_2:rise as you catch pink salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_6:the pencils have all been used
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_3:there was a sound of driving these outside
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_2:he said the same phrase 30 times
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_5:so this was bending high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_10:we thank you all for watching
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_2:guest to result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_3:there was a sound of dry leaves outside
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_10:port is a strong line with a slowly taste
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_5:those pistols bend in a high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_7:so geef boyer is like flame and heat
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_5:the glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_3:plug the bright rolls without leaves
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_7:weave the carpet on the right hand side
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_9:we found when events take a bad turn
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger on a swim
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold 50 bonds
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_3:a pound of sugar costs more than eggs
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_6:sunday is the best part of the week
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_5:those missiles bend in a high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_6:the pencils have all been used
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_10_enhanced:the sofa cushion is red and of white white
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_1:a crab is no small danger on a swim
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_7:right a fun note to the friend you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_7:the tree top waved in a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_1:the empty flask stood on the tin tray
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_10:the scar burned a hole in the desktop
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_8:close and lodging are free to new men
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_5:help the woman get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_6:a pod of tea helps to pass the evening
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_7:rightofthon notwo of friend you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_7:smokey fires lack flame and heat
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_3:the source of the huge river is the clear spring
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_10:a rag will soak up spilled water
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_1:young kid jump to resty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_9:a lame back kept his score low
