sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_3:drop the two when you add the figures
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold 50 bonds
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_4:split the log with a quick sharp blow
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_8:this soft cushion broke the mans fall
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_8:so ive cushioned broke the mans fall
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_9:this all breeze came from across the sea
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_6:he ordered peach pie with ice cream
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_2:a speedy man can beat this track mark
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_10:we find joy in the simplest things
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_6:pure bread poodles have curls
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_8:the spot on the blotter was made by green ink
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_8:the soft cushion broke the mans fall
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_3:a salt pickled taste find with ham
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_3:apprentice waves when the wind blows
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_4:2 plus 7 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_8:the spot in the blue water was made by green inc
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_9:they felt gay when the ship arrived in port
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_9:they felt gay when the ship arrived in part
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_1:the jacket hung on the back of the white chair
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_4:kick the ball straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_9:she sewed the torn coat quite neatly
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_10:this is a guy burning a hole in the desktop
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_4:2 plus 7 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_4:kick the ball straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_6:what is best for making toys and blocks
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_2:leaves turn brown and yellow in the fall
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_5:torn scraps littered the stone floor
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_5:help the woman get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_3:hes salt pickle taste fine with ham
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_9:elaine beck kept his score low
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_4:split the log with a quick sharp blow
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_2:he said the small phrase 30 times
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_8:hemp is a weed found in parts of the tropics
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_2:guess the result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_5:torrent scrapes littered the stone floor
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_9:10 pins were set in order
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_4:the coffee stand is too high for the couch
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_5:help the woman get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_5:burned pete after the logs give out
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_7:the treetock wave in a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_10:the bill is paid every third week
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_3:source of the heat river is the clear spring
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_5:the play seems to all in quite stupid
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_2:he said the same phrase 30 times
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_5:the urge to write short stories is rare
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_8:the south cushion broke the mans form
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_7:the term ended in lake june 8 here
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_5:those vessels banded high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_8:the spot on the plotter was made by greeting
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_8:close and lodging are free to new men
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_4:the coffee stand is too high for the couch
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_6:a pod of tea helps to pass the evening
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_7:attractor cured him with these pills
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_7:smokey fires lat flame and heat
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_9:we found when events take a bad turn
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_7:the doctor cured him with these pills
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_1:the onkid jumped the rusty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold 50 bonds
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_6:proud of the team he helps you pass the evening
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_9:so ill breeze came across the sea
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_7:right a found node to the friend you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_6:pribbit poodles have curls
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_10_r:and the story is a code god i have said that
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_2:guess the result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_3:pluck the bright rose without leaves
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_3:he broke a new shoe lace that day
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_3:the source of the huge river is the clear spring
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_1:the bow is there when the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_3:assault pickle these fine went with ham
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_2:guess the result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_9:mud was spattered and the front of the white shirt
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_8:close and lodging our free to new men
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_1:the bark of the pine tree was shiny and dark
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_9:mud was battered on the front of his white shirt
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_10:the sofa cushion is right in a light weight
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_1:a crayap is no small danger on a swim
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_4:2 plus 7 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_3:the salt pickle tastes fine with him
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_10:world of booth so 50 bands
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_10:sikar burnt to hold his knife desktop
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_7:the tree tap wave didnt increase the way
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_7:the pirates seized the crew of the lost ship
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_8:we tried to replace the coin but failed
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_2:the child almost hurt the small dog
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_4:this guy that morning was clear and bright blue
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_4:the sky that morning was clear and bright blue
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_5:the glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_7:the tree top wave den a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_1:the empty flastered on the tin tray
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_6:he ordered peach pie with ice cream
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_5:burn pete after the logs give out
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_7:right off on note to the friends you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger on the swim
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_4:a filing case is no hard to buy
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_10:add the stores account to the last sent
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_8:the office paint was a dull sand tan
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_6:be able to stop it from sinking
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_2:the child almost hurt the small dog
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_5:the urge to write short stories is rare
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_5:the glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_2:he said the same phrase 30 times
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_8:the new girl was fired today at noon
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_1:steam hissed from the broken valve
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_9:mud was spattered on the front of his white shirt
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_8:attast is used to make costly gifts
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_7:the pirate sees the crew of the law ship
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_6:pure red poodles safe curls
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_4:2 plus 7 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_7:weave the carpet on the right hand side
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_6:sunday is the best part of the week
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_3:a salt pickle tastes fine with him
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_2:please turn brown and yellow in the fall
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_4:kick the ball straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_9:we frown when events take a bad turn
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_6:pure bread poodles have curls
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_10:pork is a strong wine with a smoky taste
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_9:she sold the torn coat quite neatly
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_3:plug the bright rose without leaves
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_2:guess the result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_2:at that high level the air is pure
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_2:a speeding man can be his this trademark
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_10:port is a strong wine with a smokey taste
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_1:steam here from the broken valve
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_9:he knew the skill of the great young actress
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_3:he broke a new shoe lace for that day
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_3:the penant waved when the wind blew
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_5:the glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_6:a part of te helps her pass the evening
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_8:the spot on the bladder was made by green ink
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_10:the cigar burned a hole in the desk cap
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_8:hemp is a weed found in parts of the tropics
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_8:the new girl was fired today at noon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_8:we tried to replace the coin but failed
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_1:the slush lay deep along the street
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_5:those tissiles bend in a high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_1:the bark of the pine tree was shiny and dark
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_4:kick the ball straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_5:of women get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_3:pluck the bright rose without leaves
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_8:the spot on the bladder was made by green ink
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_10:the sofa cushion is red and of light weight
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_2:a whisper of cloud hung in the blue air
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_7:the office paint was dull
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_7:the tree top wave den a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_9:we from one of events take a ban turn
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_10:port is a strong wine with a smokey taste
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_10:the cigar burned a hole in the desktop
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_6:pure bread poodles have curls
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_3:this was of the huge river is the clear spring
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_2:rod is usually catch pink salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_6:the pencils have all been used
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_3:it was a sound of dry leaves outside
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_2:he said the same phrase 30 times
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_5:those this was bend in high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_10:we find joy in the simplest things
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_2:guest to result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_3:there was a sound of dry leaves outside
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_10:port is a strong line with a smoky taste
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_5:those missiles bend in a high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_7:smoking flyers like flaming heat
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_5:the glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_3:plug the bright rolls without leaves
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_7:weave the carpet on the right hand side
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_9:we found when events take a bad turn
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger on a swim
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold 50 bonds
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_3:a pound of sugar costs more than eggs
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_6:sunday is the best part of the week
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_5:those missiles bend in a high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_6:the pencils have all been used
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger on a swim
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_7:write a fan note to the friend you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_7:the tree top waved in a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_1:the empty flask stood on the tin tray
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_10:the scar burned a hole in the desktop
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_8:close and lodging are free to new men
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_5:help the woman get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_6:a pot of tea helps to pass the evening
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_7:rightofthon notoofffriend you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_7:smokey fires lack flame and heat
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_3:the source of the huge river is the clear spring
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_10:a rag will soak up spilled water
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rest of the gate
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_9:a lame back kept his score alone
