sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_3:drop the tube when you add the figures
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold 50 pounds
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_4:split the log with a quick sharp blow
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_8:this is the soft cushion broke the mans form
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_8:so im gonna hit brooks and the ends fall
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_9:the swamp breeze came from across the sea
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_6:he ordered peach pie with ice cream
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_2:a speedy man can beat this trick mark
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_10:we find joy in the simplest things
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_6:pure bread puddles had curals
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_8:the spot on the bladder was made by green ink
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_8:the soft cushion broke the mans fall
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_3:a salt pickle taste smile at him
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_3:the pellet weighs around the wind blue
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_4:2 plus 7 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_8:the spot in the blue water was made by grain ink
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_9:these lk was a ship arrived in court
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_9:they felt gay when the ship arrived in part
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_1:the jacket hung on the back of the white chair
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_4:kick the ball straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_9:she sewed the torn coat quite neatly
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_10:this is a garb on the hole in the desktop
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_4:27 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_4:kick the ball straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_6:what is best for making toys and blocks
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_2:leaves turn brown and yellow in the fall
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_5:torn scraps littered the stolen floor
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_1:the boy was there with the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_5:help the warming get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_3:he salt pickled taste fine with ham
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_9:alamed back kept his score low
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_4:split the log with a quick sharp log
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_2:he said the small phrase 30 chaios
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_8:help us a weed found in parts of the tropics
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_1:the onkid jump the rustic aid
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_2:guess the result from the first scars
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_5:turnscribes slid or distilled and floor
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_9:10 pins were set in order
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_4:the coffee stand is too high for the couch
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_5:help the woman get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_2:a ride is used to catch things salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_5:burn pete after the logs give out
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_7:the treetucked wave in a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_10:the bill is paid every third week
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_3:so our second favorite is the clear spring
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_5:the place seems to all in quite stupid
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_2:he said the same phrase 30 times
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_5:the urge to write short stories is rare
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_8:the south cushion broke the mans form
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_7:to turn and it didnt leak due in the air
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_5:this is the end of the high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_8:this pattern of the plotter was big by greeting
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_8:close and lodging are free to new men
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_4:the company status too high for the car
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_6:a part of tea helps to pass the evening
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_7:the doctor cured him with these pills
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_7:smoky fires rat flame and heat
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_9:we found when events take a bad turn
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_7:the doctor cared him with these pills
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_1:the onkid jumped the rusty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_10:the girl at the booth is so fiftybonds
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_6:pr√∏v at til helt super at se evling
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_9:so ill please came across the sea
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_7:right a found node to the friend you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_6:for the noodles have curls
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_10_r:and the story is a count the last sadly sent
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_2:guess the result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_3:dr bright rose with our leaves
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_3:he broke a new shoe lace that day
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_3:the source of the huge river is the clear spring
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_1:bow is there when the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_3:assault pickle these fine ones with ham
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_2:guess yourself in the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_9:like this fatter and the front of the business business im quite sure
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_8:close and lodging are free to noon then
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_1:the bark of the pine tree was shiny and dark
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_9:mud was battered on the front of his white shirt
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_10:and so for cushion is right in a light weight
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_1:a crayon doesnt know a small danger on a swim
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_4:2 plus 7 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_3:the salt pickle tastes fine with him
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_10:grilled the booth so 50 miles
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_10:the cigarette bird to hold is nice desktop
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_7:a tree tap wave then a graceful wave
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_7:the paris series the cruel of lost ship
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_1:the young kid jumped to us to gay
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_8:we try to replace the coin but failed
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_2:the child almost hurt the small dog
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_4:this guy that morning was clear and bright blue
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_4:the sky that marine was clearer and brighter
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_5:the gold deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_7:the tree top wave is in a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_1:the empty flesh stood on the tin tray
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_6:the ordered peach pie with ice cream
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_5:buried peat after the log skill out
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_7:rightofphone note to the friend you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger on a swim
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_4:a spiraling case is no hard to buy
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_10:and the stores account to the last son
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_8:the office paint was a doll sand hand
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_6:they all look both to stop it from sinking
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_2:the child almost hurt the small dog
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_5:the earths two right short stories is rare
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_5:the glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_2:he said the same phrase 30 times
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_8:the new girl was fired today at noon
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_1:steam hissed from the broken valve
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_9:muddle is spatter down the front of his white shirt
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_8:i task is used to make costly gifts
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_7:the pirate sees the crew of the law ship
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_6:pure red poodles half curls
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_4:2 plus 7 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_7:weve to carpet on the right hand side
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_6:sunday is the best part of the week
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_3:a salt pickle taste fighting with him
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_2:please turn brown and yellow in the fall
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_4:kick the ball straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_9:we found when events take a bad turn
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_6:pure bread poodles have curls
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_10:port is a strong wine with a small bee taste
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_9:shes south of tornco quite nearly
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_3:plug the bright rose without leaves
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_2:guess the result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_2:at that high level the air is pure
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_2:the speedy man can be his district marker
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_10:court is a strong line with a smokey taste
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_1:steam here for the broken belt
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_9:he knew the skill of the great young ad actress
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_4:the just claimed got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_3:he broke a new shoelace for that day
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_3:the penance waved when the wind blew
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_5:the glow teeth in the eyes of the sweet girl
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_6:im proud of t help superpass the evening
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_8:the spot on the bladder was made by green ink
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_10:seaguer burned a hole in the best cow
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_8:hemp is a weed found in parts of the tropics
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_8:the new girl was fired today at noon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_8:we try to replace the coin but failed
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_1:dislash laid deep along the street
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_5:those tissues bend and they high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_1:the bark of the pine tree was shining in dirt
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_4:keep the wall straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_5:of blowing get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_3:clock the bright rose without leaves
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_8:the spot on the bar was made by green hank
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_10:the sofa cushion is red and a light weight
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_2:the whisper cloud hung in the blue air
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_7:the office paint was dull
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_7:the tree tap waves in a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_9:be from one of the events take a bad turn
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_10:port is a straw wine with a smokey taste
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_10:the cigar burned a hole in the desk top
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_6:pure bread poodles have curls
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_3:this is the huge river is the clear spring
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_2:rod is his catchpink salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_6:the turtles have all been used
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_3:it was a sound of the dry leaves outside
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_2:he said the same phrase 30 times
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_5:those tissils bend in a highway in a highway
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_10:we find joy in the simplest things
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_2:guess the result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_3:there was a sound of dry leaves outside
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_10:port is a strong line with a smoky taste
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_5:those vessels bend in a high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_7:swaggy foyer is like flaming heat
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_5:the glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet drone
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_3:pluck the bright rolls without leaves
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_7:we have the carpet on the right hand side
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_9:we found when events take a bad turn
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_1:a crap is no small danger on a swim
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold 50 bonds
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_3:i pound a sugar cost more than eggs
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_6:sunday is the best part of the week
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_5:those missiles bend in the high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_6:the pencils have all been used
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_10_enhanced:the social question is right in a light weight
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger on a swim
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_7:right a fan note to the friend you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_7:the tree tap waved in a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_1:the empty flask stood on the tin tray
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_10:the scar burned a hole in the dust tub
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_8:close and lodging are free to new men
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_5:help the woman get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_6:a pile of tea helps to bear sleep in
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_7:im already the final two of friend you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_7:smoking fires lack flame and heat
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_3:the source of the huge river is the clear spring
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_1:the young kid jumped to resty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_9:a lame bag kept his score low
