sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_3:drop the 2 when you add the figures
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold 50 bonds
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_4:split the log with a quick sharp blow
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_8:the soft cushion broke the mans fall
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_8:soft cushion broke the mans fall
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_9:the salt breeze came from across the sea
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_6:he ordered peach pie with ice cream
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_2:a speedy man can beat this track mark
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_10:we find joy in the simplest things
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_6:purebred poodles have curls
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_8:the spot on the bladder was made by green ink
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_8:the soft cushion broke the mans fall
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_3:a salt pickle tastes fine with ham
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_3:the pennant waved when the wind blew
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_4:2 plus 7 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_8:the spot in the blotter was made by green ink
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_9:they felt gay when the ship arrived in port
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_9:they felt gay when the ship arrived in port
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_1:the jacket hung on the back of the white chair
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_4:kick the ball straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_9:she sewed the torn coat quite neatly
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_10:the cigar burned a hole in the desktop
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_4:2 plus 7 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_4:kick the ball straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_6:what is best for making toys and blocks
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_2:leaves turn brown and yellow in the fall
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_5:torn scraps littered the stone floor
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_5:help the woman get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_3:a salt pickle tastes fine with ham
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_9:elaine beck kept his score low
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_4:split the log with a quick sharp blow
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_2:he said the small phrase 30 times
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_8:hemp is a weed found in parts of the tropics
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_2:guess the result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_5:torn scraps littered the stone floor
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_9:10 pins were set in order
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_4:the coffee stand is too high for the couch
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_5:help the woman get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_5:burn peat after the logs give out
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_7:the treetop wave in a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_10:the bill was paid every third week
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_3:the source of the huge river is the clear spring
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_5:the place seems dull and quite stupid
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_2:he said the same phrase 30 times
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_5:the urge to write short stories is rare
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_8:the soft cushion broke the mans foam
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_7:the term ended in late june that year
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_5:those thistles bend in a high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_8:the spot on the platter was made by green ink
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_8:clothes and lodging are free to new men
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_4:the coffee stand is too high for the couch
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_6:a pot of tea helps to pass the evening
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_7:the doctor cured him with these pills
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_7:smokey fires lack flame and heat
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_9:we frown when your vents take a bad turn
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_7:the doctor cured him with these pills
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold fifty bonds
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_6:pond of tea helps you pass the evening
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_9:salt breeze came across the sea
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_7:write a found note to the friend you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_6:curbit poodles have curls
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_10_r:add the storys account to the last cent
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_2:guess the result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_3:pluck the bright rose without leaves
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_3:he broke a new shoelace that day
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_3:the source of the huge river is the clear spring
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_1:the boy was there when the sun rose
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_3:a salt pickled piece fine went with ham
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_2:guess the result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_9:mud was spattered on the front of his white shirt
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_8:clothes and lodging are free to the new men
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_1:the bark of the pine tree was shiny and dark
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_9:mota was spattered on the front of his white shirt
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_10:the sofa cushion is red and of light weight
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger on a swim
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_4:2 plus 7 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_3:the salt pickle tastes fine with ham
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_10:road to booth sold 50 bonds
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_10:the cigar burned a hole in his desk top
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_7:the tree top waved in a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_7:the pirates seized the crew of the lost ship
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_8:we tried to replace the coin but failed
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_2:the child almost hurt the small dog
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_4:the sky that morning was clear and bright blue
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_4:the sky that morning was clear and bright blue
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_5:the glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_7:the treetop waved in a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_1:the empty flask stood on the tin tray
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_6:he ordered peach pie with ice cream
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_5:burn peat after the logs give out
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_7:write a fond note to the friends you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger on a swim
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_4:a filing case is now hard to buy
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_10:add the stores account to the last cent
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_8:the office paint was a dull sad tan
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_6:bail the boat to stop it from sinking
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_2:the child almost hurt the small dog
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_5:the urge to write short stories is rare
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_5:the glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_2:he said the same phrase 30 times
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_8:a new girl was fired today at noon
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_1:steam hissed from the broken valve
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_9:mud was spattered on the front of his white shirt
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_8:a tusk is used to make costly gifts
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_7:the pirate sees the crew of the lost ship
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_6:purebred poodles have curls
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_4:2 plus 7 is less than 10
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_7:weave the carpet on the right hand side
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_6:sunday is the best part of the week
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_3:a salt pickle tastes fine with ham
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_2:leaves turn brown and yellow in the fall
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_4:kick the ball straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_9:we frown when events take a bad turn
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_6:purebred poodles have curls
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_10:pork is a strong wine with a smoky taste
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_9:she sewed the torn coat quite neatly
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_3:pluck the bright rose without leaves
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_2:guess the result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_2:at that high level the air is pure
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_2:a speedy man can be this track marker
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_10:port is a strong wine with a smoky taste
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_1:steam hiss from the broken valve
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_9:he knew the skill of the great young actress
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_3:he broke a new shoelace for that day
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_3:the pennant waved when the wind blew
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_5:the glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_6:a pot of tea helps to pass the evening
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_8:the spot on the bladder was made by green ink
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_10:the cigar burned a hole in the desk tap
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_8:hemp is a weed found in parts of the tropics
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_8:the new girl was fired today at noon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_8:we tried to replace the coin but failed
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_1:the slush lay deep along the street
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_5:those thistles bend in a high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_1:the bark of the pine tree was shiny and dark
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_4:kick the ball straight and follow through
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_5:of the woman get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_pd08_h14_3:pluck the bright rose without leaves
sim_NM_na_nn_pd15_h15_8:the spot on the blotter was made by green ink
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_10:the sulfur cushion is red and of light weight
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_2:a wisp of cloud hung in the blue air
sim_NM_na_nn_oc02_h17_7:the office paint was dull
sim_NM_na_nn_pd04_h15_7:the treetop waved in a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_9:we frown when events take a bad turn
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_10:port is a strong wine with a smoky taste
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_10:the cigar burned a hole in the desktop
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_6:pure bread poodles have curls
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_4:the just claim got the right verdict
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_3:the source of the huge river is the clear spring
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_2:rottos usually catch pink salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_6:the pencils have all been used
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_3:there was a sound of dry leaves outside
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_2:he said the same phrase 30 times
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_5:those thistles bend in a high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_oc07_h12_10:we find joy in the simplest things
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_2:guess the result from the first scores
sim_NM_na_nn_pd14_h18_3:there was a sound of dry leaves outside
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_10:port is a strong wine with a smoky taste
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_5:those thistles bend in a high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_pd05_h2_7:smokey flayers lack flame and heat
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_5:the glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_3:pluck the bright rose without leaves
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_7:weave the carpet on the right hand side
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_6:bring your problems to the wise chief
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_9:we frown when events take a bad turn
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_2:a rod is used to catch pink salmon
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger on a swim
sim_NM_na_nn_oc05_h2_10:the girl at the booth sold 50 bonds
sim_NM_na_nn_pd12_h10_3:a pound of sugar costs more than eggs
sim_NM_na_nn_pd01_h18_6:sunday is the best part of the week
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_5:those thistles bend in a high wind
sim_NM_na_nn_pd06_h16_6:the pencils have all been used
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_1:a cramp is no small danger on a swim
sim_NM_na_nn_oc08_h14_7:write a fond note to the friend you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_oc04_h15_7:the treetop waved in a graceful way
sim_NM_na_nn_oc06_h16_1:the empty flask stood on the tin tray
sim_NM_na_nn_oc11_h15_10:the scar burned a hole in the desktop
sim_NM_na_nn_oc09_h14_8:clothes and lodging are free to new men
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_5:help the woman get back to her feet
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_6:a pot of tea helps to pass the evening
sim_NM_na_nn_pd09_h14_7:write a fine note to a friend you cherish
sim_NM_na_nn_oc16_h2_7:smokey fires lack flame and heat
sim_NM_na_nn_pd16_h2_3:the source of the huge river is the clear spring
sim_NM_na_nn_pd11_h15_1:the young kid jumped the rusty gate
sim_NM_na_nn_oc17_h12_9:a lame bat kept his score low
